feat: rewrite all observability docs (#847)
kumahq/kuma-website: docs/docs/dev/explore/observability.md

:::: tabs :options="{ useUrlFragment: false }"
::: tab "Kubernetes"
Configure the [Datadog agent for APM](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/kubernetes/apm/).

If Datadog is not running on each Node you can expose the APM agent port to Kuma via Kubernetes service.
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: trace-svc
spec:
  selector:
    app: datadog
  ports:
    - protocol: TCP
      port: 8126
      targetPort: 8126
```
Apply the configuration with `kubectl apply -f [..]`.
:::
::: tab "Universal"
Checkout the [Datadog agent docs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/basic_agent_usage)
:::
::::

Once the agent is configured to ingest traces you'll need to configure a [TrafficTrace](../policies/traffic-trace.md).

### Logs

The best way to have Kuma and Datadog work together is with [TCP ingest](https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/logs/?tab=tcpudp#custom-log-collection).

Once your agent is configured with TCP ingest you can configure a [TrafficLog](../policies/traffic-log.md) for data plane proxies to send logs. 

## Observability in multi-zone 

Kuma is multi-zone at heart. We explain here how to architect your telemetry stack to accommodate multi-zone.

### Prometheus

> When Kuma is used in multi-zone the recommended approach is to use 1 prometheus in each zone and to send the metrics of each zone to a global prometheus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Kuma is used in multi-zone the recommended approach is to use 1 Prometheus instance in each zone and to send the metrics of each zone to a global instance.
```

Prometheus offers different ways to do this:

- [Federation](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/federation/) the global Prometheus will scrape each zone Prometheuses.
- [Remote Write](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/storage/#remote-storage-integrations) each zone Prometheuses will directly write their metrics to the global, this is meant to be more efficient the API the federation.
- [Remote Read](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/storage/#remote-storage-integrations) like remote write but the other way around.

### Jaeger, Loki, Datadog and others

Most telemetry components don't have a hierarchical setup like Prometheus.
If you want to have a central view of everything you can set up the system in global and have each zone send their data to it. 

> Because zone is present in dataplane tags you shouldn't be worried about metrics, logs and traces overlapping between zones. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because zone is present in data plane tags you shouldn't be worried about metrics, logs and traces overlapping between zones. 
```
